Hello my name is "Destin"
Welcome to "Smarter Every Day".
I'm not sure how it will end,
But I would like to learn more about blame
I am now on my way to the shop
I see if they will allow me to photograph a process
Tattoos slow shooting using a camera "stealth"
Let's find out
[Tattoo Machine Tattoo]
Well, we're in the store
This "Leah"? .. I suspect?
Welcome.
Yes, this is "Leah" and she is an artist.
Is not it supposed to say ..
So we call you?
-Flower and shampoo, and mole, and thick,
In England they say "blush"
-Excellent. So let us know how
Chmhen someone by .. pistol? Right ??
- Let's move the machine, do not call it a gun,
I made a mistake twice.
- What do we have here?
-This rotary machine.
We use a range of machines
But the most common are machines with a hexagon
Followed by
Rotating machine
- Really .. Can you show us how it works?
-Of course. This in itself is the engine.
-Yup
- The head of the needle, mm .. The best needle
Up here, passing through a tube,
Here it is
Is this what you are doing?
- Hold this, this is actually the handle.
I'll put the gloves
I do not really need them now
For I will not reproach anyone
Everything is sterile, but it has become a habit
I find it strange to open a bag and I do not put gloves on
-Oh really?
- So I will put them anyway.
- Is it important?
-Yeah.
(Dustin): I thought the tattoo machine was confined to the tip of a needle
One and her needles are injected under the skin.
In fact there is a set of needles grouped together
For drawing, there is a brush-like tool
For shading. The ink is trapped between
The head of the needles using the poetic property
When these needles penetrate the skin, the ink is drawn
To the dermis
-I understand. You have a needle
In the tube connected with the machine, now
You are ready to make this machine work.
So what are you doing? Energy I think?
-energy.
- Rotary machines are easy to understand.
This engine here is rotating
Which turns into a straight movement at the needle's level.
This is very easy does not it?
The machines on the other hand are rather complex.
When you press "Leah" on this pedal, apply
Direct current on the two streams
Which converts the transmitters into electromagnets
And push the dowry down,
Drive the needle. When the dart moves
Toward the bottom, it isolates the current from the seam nail
Causing the electromagnetic field stop,
The spring then returns the dowry
Thus recharging the circuit.
Repeat this process repeatedly.
This is how machine tools work.
Be careful though.
Even if you know how to operate it
This does not mean you know how
Use.
Have you really bothered yourself?
I did? Show me.
- Yes, it's funny.
-This..
- This is what happens,
- So it's a bad idea?
-Yes very bad.
-What is your name?
-Shun '.
-Shun 'advise you not to tattoo yourself.
Use a professional like Lea.
-Yeah.
(Dustin): Now that we have learned how machines work
It's time to see what you're doing
Skin needles.
I brought with me special lights and macro lens
To shoot 1,500 images per second in principle
So we get to 3200 frames per second.
That's why the tattoo hurts.
[Music]
Well I decided to taste a feeling
Tingling this needle as it crosses the skin
Then take it off, and you may say that you can
Do this Don and Shammy.
- Yes I will not use ..
I will use only a needle.
- I'm a bit tense.
I would like to know how I will feel
But I do not want tattoos
This future fashion is not it?
-Yes in deed.
- Well, take a deep breath.
- Deep breath and then slowly.
[Tattoo Machine Tattoo]
- Wow, that was not so bad.
-OK.
- I can afford this.
- That was all.
- What did you do?
- Are you here?
Ooh. Now I realized why people addicted to this thing.
Because .. because it is like fear.
-Yup.
- So this was a drawing needle
This is the shading needle.
-Well done.
- How much of a needle in a drawing needle?
-five.
- How much of one in the shading needle?
-seven.
You are the. "Every day is smarter."
- On the soles of the forearm I think it will hurt more than the back.
- Do you think I can endure.
-Of course.
- Well, I hope you have enjoyed this episode of
"Every day is smarter." If you want to become smarter
By giving me the chance to do crazy things, please
Support "Every Day Smarter" on audible.com (unless you're deaf)
Go to audible.com/smarter and you can (if you support support via Patreon)
Wondering any audio book for free (patreon.com/smartereveryday)
"Leah" is a fan of reading.
Is there a book you recommend?
-I recommend: Native son
For: Richard Wright
-Oh really?
-Yeah.
- Just complete.
-OK
-Anyway .. audible.com/smarter
This helps "every day smarter"
- A possible wage 'Leah'
They also participated in the account of "Leah" and "Seiji"
Link in video description.
It has an amazing Instagram account.
- See what I mean by freezing?
(Dustin) order.
- How to remove the top of the skin.
-When..
- Is Nasir the smartest every day?
-Yup
- Did you know about "every day smarter"?
- Yes I am a subscriber.
-Fabulous. Got this here?
-Yup. "Leah" has done.
-enormous
Have you gotten popular because I knew who I was?
-Yup.
- Excellent [laughing]
-I'm not just weird queues coming to my shop.
[Laughing]
Is this your famous tattoo?
- posted it on reddit and got some admiration.
-Fabulous.
Do you like macaroni cheese?
-Yeah.
- In any case, it is "Destin"
You become smarter every day.
have a good day.
By the way this is not real.
In fact we do not tattoos [laughing]
It was a good tradition though.